popular news fix (#12410)
demisto/content: Packs/PopularCybersecurityNews/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Popular News

> - Fixed an issue where the job failed due to bad context parsing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the job failed due to mishandling of the context.
```
